and it came to pass when Solomon had
finished building the house of the Lord
and the king's house and all Solomon's
desire which he wanted to do that the
Lord appeared to Solomon the second time
as he had appeared to him at Gibeon and
the Lord said to him I have heard your
prayer and your supplication that you
have made before me I have consecrated
this house which you have built to put
my name there forever and my eyes and my
heart will be there perpetually now if
you walk before me as your father David
walked in integrity of heart and in
uprightness to do according to all that
I have commanded you and if you keep my
statutes and my judgments then I will
establish the throne of your kingdom
over Israel forever as I promised David
your father saying you shall not fail to
have a man on the throne of Israel but
if you or your sons at all turn from
following me
and do not keep my Commandments and my
statutes which I have set before you but
go and serve other gods and worship them
then I will cut off Israel from the land
which I have given them and this house
which I have consecrated for my name I
will cast out of my sight Israel will be
a proverb and a byword among all peoples
and as for this house which is exalted
everyone who passes by it will be
astonished and will hiss and say why has
the Lord done thus to this land
and to this house then they will answer
because they forsook the Lord their God
who brought their fathers out of the
land of Egypt and have embraced other
gods and worshiped them and served them
therefore the Lord has brought all this
calamity now it happened at the end of
20 years when Solomon had built the two
houses the house of the Lord and the
Kings house
Hiram the king of Tyre had supplied
Solomon with cedar and cypress and gold
as much as he desired that King Solomon
then gave Hiram 20 cities in the land of
Galilee then Hiram went from tyre to see
the cities which Solomon had given him
but they did not please him so he said
what kind of cities are these which
would have given me my brother and he
called them the land of cable as they
are to this day then Hiram sent the king
120 talents of gold and this is the
reason for the labor force which King
Solomon raised to build the house of the
Lord his own house the mill oh the wall
of Jerusalem
hey Zhou Megiddo and Giza Pharaoh king
of Egypt had gone up and taken Giza and
burned it with fire had killed the
Canaanites who dwelt in the city and had
given it as a dowry to his daughter
Solomon's wife and Solomon built
Kizer lower beth horon faileth and Tad
more in the wilderness in the land of
Judah all the storage cities that
Solomon had cities for his chariots and
cities for his cavalry and whatever
Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem in
Lebanon and in all the land of his
Dominion all the people who were left of
the AMA rights hittites perizzites
highlights and Jebusites who were not of
the children of israel that is their
descendants who were left in the land
after them whom the children of Israel
had not been able to destroy completely
from these Solomon raised forced labor
as it is to this day but of the children
of Israel Solomon made no forced
laborers because they were men of war
and his servants his officers his
captain's commanders of his chariots and
his cavalry others were Chiefs of the
officials who were over Solomon's work
five hundred and fifty who ruled over
the people who did the work but
Pharaoh's daughter came up from the City
of David to her house which Solomon had
built for her then he built the Miller
now three times a year Solomon offered
burnt offerings and peace offerings on
the altar which he had built for the
Lord and he burnt incense with them on
the altar that was before the Lord so he
finished the temple King Solomon also
built a fleet of ships at easy on giba
which is near alot on the shore of the
Red Sea in the land of Edom then Hiram
sent his servants with the fleet seamen
who knew the sea to work with the
servants of Solomon and they went to
offer and acquired four hundred and
twenty talents of gold from there and
brought it to King Solomon
you